"Whose Whom" thinks Larry and men like him are (b)
According to "Whose Whom in America," what kind of credit risk is Larry? (a)
According to "Whose Whom," Larry prefers his ladies' derrieres (d)
According to "Whose Whom," how old is Larry Laffer? (b)
According to "Whose Whom," how tall is Larry Laffer? (c)
According to "Whose Whom," how well-endowed does Larry prefer his women? (d)
According to "Whose Whom," what does Larry Laffer do for a living? (a)
According to "Whose Whom," what kind of hair does Larry prefer his women to have? (a)
According to "Whose Whom," what length legs does Larry prefer his women to have? (b)
According to the "Palamino Ranch" brochure, Old Faceful erupts every (a)
According to the "Palamino Ranch" brochure, where can you see oozing paint pots year 'round? (b)
Getting to the Palamino Ranch is easier than (c)
How does the Vice President of "Whose Whom's" Direct Male Department sign his name? (b)
How far is the Palamino Ranch from the Humongous Tetons? (d)
In the "Palamino Ranch" brochure, the gal sittin' 'round the campfire is playing a (b)
In the small photo next to the word "spread" in the "Palamino Ranch" brochure, a cowboy seems to be hugging (d)
The Palamino Ranch is available for (a)
The Vice President of "Whose Whom's" Direct Male department signs his name with a (d)
The address on the back of the "Whose Whom" letter is (b)
The man in the little picture above the word "Activities" in the "Palamino Ranch" brochure is saddling up a (c)
The man on the cover of the Palamino Ranch brochure is about to (b)
The map directing you to the Palamino Ranch looks like (d)
The map that shows you how to get to the Palamino Ranch is (c)
The offices of "Whose Whom" are located in (b)
The phone number for the Palamino Ranch is (a)
What color is the border on top of the "Palamino Ranch" brochure? (a)
What color is the dotted line at the bottom of the "Whose Whom" letter? (a)
What color is the line under the letterhead of the "Whose Whom" letter? (a)
What do the cowgirls have at the Palamino Ranch? (c)
What is the color of the sunset behind the cowboy riding the bucking bronco beneath the word "tenderfoot" on the "Palamino Ranch" brochure? (d)
What kind of contest is held on Tuesdays at the Palamino Ranch? (c)
What taste treat is illustrated to the right of the frankfurters in the "Palamino Ranch" brochure? (a)
What taste treat is pictured to the left of the frankfurters in the "Palamino Ranch" brochure? (b)
What will the folks at the Palamino Ranch show the wimmenfolk how to do? (a)
What's for lunch at the Palamino Ranch? (c)
What's not allowed at the Palamino Ranch? (b)
Which of his credit cards does "Whose Whom" want Larry to use? (a)
Which of the following is NOT one of the activities at the Palamino Ranch? (d)
Who is the Vice President of "Whose Whom's" Direct Male Department? (b)
Whose address appears at the bottom of the "Whose Whom" brochure? (a)